---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "twingate_resources Data Source - terraform-provider-twingate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resources in Twingate represent servers on the private network that clients can connect to. Resources can be defined by IP, CIDR range, FQDN, or DNS zone. For more information, see the Twingate documentation https://docs.twingate.com/docs/resources-and-access-nodes.
---

# twingate_resources (Data Source)

Resources in Twingate represent servers on the private network that clients can connect to. Resources can be defined by IP, CIDR range, FQDN, or DNS zone. For more information, see the Twingate [documentation](https://docs.twingate.com/docs/resources-and-access-nodes).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "twingate_resources" "foo" {
  name = "<your resource's name>"
  #  name_regexp = "<regular expression of resource name>"
  #  name_contains = "<a string in the resource name>"
  #  name_exclude = "<your resource's name to exclude>"
  #  name_prefix = "<prefix of resource name>"
  #  name_suffix = "<suffix of resource name>"

  # tags = {
  #   environment = "dev"
  # }
}

# Resource names are not constrained to be unique within Twingate,
# so it is possible that this data source will return multiple list items.
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Returns only resources that exactly match this name. If no options are passed it will return all resources. Only one option can be used at a time.
- `name_contains` (String) Match when the value exist in the name of the resource.
- `name_exclude` (String) Match when the exact value does not exist in the name of the resource.
- `name_prefix` (String) The name of the resource must start with the value.
- `name_regexp` (String) The regular expression match of the name of the resource.
- `name_suffix` (String) The name of the resource must end with the value.
- `tags` (Map of String) Returns only resources that exactly match the given tags.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `resources` (Attributes List) List of Resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The Resource's IP/CIDR or FQDN/DNS zone
- `approval_mode` (String) The Approval Mode of the Resource. The valid values are `AUTOMATIC` and `MANUAL`.
- `id` (String) The id of the Resource
- `name` (String) The name of the Resource
- `protocols` (Attributes) Restrict access to certain protocols and ports. By default or when this argument is not defined, there is no restriction, and all protocols and ports are allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--protocols))
- `remote_network_id` (String) Remote Network ID where the Resource lives
- `tags` (Map of String) The `tags` attribute consists of a key-value pairs that correspond with tags to be set on the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--resources--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.protocols`

Read-Only:

- `allow_icmp` (Boolean) Whether to allow ICMP (ping) traffic
- `tcp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--protocols--tcp))
- `udp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--protocols--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--resources--protocols--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.protocols.tcp`

Read-Only:

- `policy` (String) Whether to allow or deny all ports, or restrict protocol access within certain port ranges: Can be `RESTRICTED` (only listed ports are allowed), `ALLOW_ALL`, or `DENY_ALL`
- `ports` (Set of String) List of port ranges between 1 and 65535 inclusive, in the format `100-200` for a range, or `8080` for a single port


<a id="nestedatt--resources--protocols--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.protocols.udp`

Read-Only:

- `policy` (String) Whether to allow or deny all ports, or restrict protocol access within certain port ranges: Can be `RESTRICTED` (only listed ports are allowed), `ALLOW_ALL`, or `DENY_ALL`
- `ports` (Set of String) List of port ranges between 1 and 65535 inclusive, in the format `100-200` for a range, or `8080` for a single port
