---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "twingate_service_accounts Data Source - terraform-provider-twingate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Service Accounts offer a way to provide programmatic, centrally-controlled, and consistent access controls.
---

# twingate_service_accounts (Data Source)

Service Accounts offer a way to provide programmatic, centrally-controlled, and consistent access controls.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "twingate_service_accounts" "foo" {
  name = "<your service account's name>"
  #  name_regexp = "<regular expression of service account name>"
  #  name_contains = "<a string in the service account name>"
  #  name_exclude = "<your service account's name to exclude>"
  #  name_prefix = "<prefix of service account name>"
  #  name_suffix = "<suffix of service account name>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Returns only service accounts that exactly match this name. If no options are passed it will return all service accounts. Only one option can be used at a time.
- `name_contains` (String) Match when the value exist in the name of the service account.
- `name_exclude` (String) Match when the value does not exist in the name of the service account.
- `name_prefix` (String) The name of the service account must start with the value.
- `name_regexp` (String) The regular expression match of the name of the service account.
- `name_suffix` (String) The name of the service account must end with the value.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `service_accounts` (Attributes List) List of Service Accounts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_accounts))

<a id="nestedatt--service_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_accounts`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the Service Account resource
- `key_ids` (Set of String) List of twingate_service_account_key IDs that are assigned to the Service Account.
- `name` (String) Name of the Service Account
- `resource_ids` (Set of String) List of twingate_resource IDs that the Service Account is assigned to.
