---
layout: ""
page_title: "Twingate Provider"
description: |-
  The Twingate Terraform provider can be used to manage your Twingate private network in Terraform
---

# Twingate Provider

The Twingate provider can be used with [Twingate](https://www.twingate.com) to manage your Remote Networks, Connectors, and Resources through Terraform.

~> **Warning** Using the Twingate Terraform provider will cause any secrets, such as Connector tokens or Twingate API keys, that are managed in Terraform to be persisted in both Terraform's state file and in any generated plan files. If malicious attackers obtain these credentials, they could intercept network traffic intended for your private network or cause a denial of service event. For any Terraform module that reads or writes Twingate secrets, these files should be treated as sensitive and protected accordingly.

## Twingate Setup

You need an API key to use Twingate's Terraform provider. See our [documentation](https://docs.twingate.com/docs/api-overview) for more details about creating an API key. You will also need your network ID, or the prefix of your Twingate URL that you use to sign into the Admin Console. For example, if your URL is `autoco.twingate.com` your network ID is `autoco`.

## Guidance and documentation

Visit our [documentation](https://docs.twingate.com/docs) for more information on configuring and using Twingate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "twingate" {
  api_token = "1234567890abcdef"
  network   = "autoco"

  cache = {
    resource_enabled = false
    groups_enabled = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) The access key for API operations. You can retrieve this
from the Twingate Admin Console ([documentation](https://docs.twingate.com/docs/api-overview)).
Alternatively, this can be specified using the TWINGATE_API_TOKEN environment variable.
- `cache` (Attributes) Specifies the cache settings for the provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache))
- `default_tags` (Attributes) A default set of tags applied globally to all resources created by the provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_tags))
- `http_max_retry` (Number) Specifies a retry limit for the http requests made. The default value is 10.
Alternatively, this can be specified using the TWINGATE_HTTP_MAX_RETRY environment variable
- `http_timeout` (Number) Specifies a time limit in seconds for the http requests made. The default value is 35 seconds.
Alternatively, this can be specified using the TWINGATE_HTTP_TIMEOUT environment variable
- `network` (String) Your Twingate network ID for API operations.
You can find it in the Admin Console URL, for example:
`autoco.twingate.com`, where `autoco` is your network ID
Alternatively, this can be specified using the TWINGATE_NETWORK environment variable.
- `url` (String) The default is 'twingate.com'
This is optional and shouldn't be changed under normal circumstances.

<a id="nestedatt--cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache`

Optional:

- `groups_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the provider should cache groups. The default value is `true`.
- `groups_filter` (Attributes) Specifies the filter for the groups to be cached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache--groups_filter))
- `resource_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the provider should cache resources. The default value is `true`.
- `resources_filter` (Attributes) Specifies the filter for the resources to be cached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache--resources_filter))

<a id="nestedatt--cache--groups_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache.groups_filter`

Optional:

- `is_active` (Boolean) Returns only Groups matching the specified state.
- `name` (String) Returns only groups that exactly match this name. If no options are passed it will return all resources. Only one option can be used at a time.
- `name_contains` (String) Match when the value exist in the name of the group.
- `name_exclude` (String) Match when the exact value does not exist in the name of the group.
- `name_prefix` (String) The name of the group must start with the value.
- `name_regexp` (String) The regular expression match of the name of the group.
- `name_suffix` (String) The name of the group must end with the value.
- `types` (Set of String) Returns groups that match a list of types. valid types: `MANUAL`, `SYNCED`, `SYSTEM`.


<a id="nestedatt--cache--resources_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache.resources_filter`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Returns only resources that exactly match this name. If no options are passed it will return all resources. Only one option can be used at a time.
- `name_contains` (String) Match when the value exist in the name of the resource.
- `name_exclude` (String) Match when the exact value does not exist in the name of the resource.
- `name_prefix` (String) The name of the resource must start with the value.
- `name_regexp` (String) The regular expression match of the name of the resource.
- `name_suffix` (String) The name of the resource must end with the value.
- `tags` (Map of String) Returns only resources that exactly match the given tags.



<a id="nestedatt--default_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_tags`

Optional:

- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pair tags to be set on all resources by default.