---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "twingate_kubernetes_resource Resource - terraform-provider-twingate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kubernetes Resources are Twingate resources accessed via a Gateway.
---

# twingate_kubernetes_resource (Resource)

Kubernetes Resources are Twingate resources accessed via a Gateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "twingate" {
  api_token = "1234567890abcdef"
  network   = "mynetwork"
}

resource "twingate_remote_network" "prod" {
  name = "Production Network"
}

resource "twingate_x509_certificate_authority" "tls" {
  name        = "My TLS CA"
  certificate = file("ca.pem")
}

resource "twingate_gateway" "main" {
  remote_network_id = twingate_remote_network.prod.id
  address           = "10.0.0.1:8001"
  x509_ca_id        = twingate_x509_certificate_authority.tls.id
}

# Kubernetes resource accessed via in-cluster DNS
resource "twingate_kubernetes_resource" "prod_cluster" {
  name              = "Production K8s"
  gateway_id        = twingate_gateway.main.id
  remote_network_id = twingate_remote_network.prod.id
}

# Kubernetes resource accessed via external address
resource "twingate_kubernetes_resource" "external_cluster" {
  name              = "External K8s"
  address           = "k8s-api.example.com"
  gateway_id        = twingate_gateway.main.id
  remote_network_id = twingate_remote_network.prod.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The ID of the Gateway used to access this Kubernetes Resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes Resource.
- `remote_network_id` (String) The ID of the Remote Network the Kubernetes Resource belongs to.

### Optional

- `access_group` (Block Set) Restrict access to certain group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_group))
- `access_policy` (Block Set) Restrict access according to JIT access policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_policy))
- `address` (String) The address of the Kubernetes Resource (IP or FQDN).
- `alias` (String) Set a DNS alias address for the Resource. Must be a DNS-valid name string.
- `bearer_token_file` (String) Path to bearer token file.
- `ca_file` (String) Path to CA certificate file.
- `in_cluster` (Boolean) Whether the Gateway is running inside the same Kubernetes cluster that is represented by the Kubernetes Resource. Default is `true`.
- `is_visible` (Boolean) Controls whether this Resource will be visible in the main Resource list in the Twingate Client. Default is `true`.
- `protocols` (Attributes) Restrict access to certain protocols and ports. By default or when this argument is not defined, there is no restriction, and all protocols and ports are allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols))
- `security_policy_id` (String) The ID of a `twingate_security_policy` to set as this Resource's Security Policy. Default is 'Null' which points to `Default Policy` on Admin console.
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value pair tags to set on this resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Autogenerated ID of the Kubernetes Resource.

<a id="nestedblock--access_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_group`

Optional:

- `access_policy` (Block Set) Restrict access according to JIT access policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_group--access_policy))
- `group_id` (String) Group ID that will have permission to access the Resource.
- `security_policy_id` (String) The ID of a `twingate_security_policy` to use as the access policy for the group IDs in the access block. Default is 'Null' which points to `Default Policy` on Admin console.

<a id="nestedblock--access_group--access_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_group.access_policy`

Optional:

- `approval_mode` (String) This will set the approval model on the edge. The valid values are `AUTOMATIC` and `MANUAL`.
- `duration` (String) This will set the access duration on the edge. Duration must be between 1 hour and 365 days. The valid values are like `1h` and `2d`.
- `mode` (String) This will set the access_policy mode on the edge. The valid values are `MANUAL`, `AUTO_LOCK` and `ACCESS_REQUEST`.



<a id="nestedblock--access_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policy`

Optional:

- `approval_mode` (String) This will set the approval model on the edge. The valid values are `AUTOMATIC` and `MANUAL`.
- `duration` (String) This will set the access duration on the edge. Duration must be between 1 hour and 365 days. The valid values are like `1h` and `2d`.
- `mode` (String) This will set the access_policy mode on the edge. The valid values are `MANUAL`, `AUTO_LOCK` and `ACCESS_REQUEST`.


<a id="nestedatt--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols`

Optional:

- `allow_icmp` (Boolean) Whether to allow ICMP (ping) traffic
- `tcp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols--tcp))
- `udp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--protocols--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols.tcp`

Optional:

- `policy` (String) Whether to allow or deny all ports, or restrict protocol access within certain port ranges: Can be `RESTRICTED` (only listed ports are allowed), `ALLOW_ALL`, or `DENY_ALL`
- `ports` (Set of String) List of port ranges between 1 and 65535 inclusive, in the format `100-200` for a range, or `8080` for a single port


<a id="nestedatt--protocols--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols.udp`

Optional:

- `policy` (String) Whether to allow or deny all ports, or restrict protocol access within certain port ranges: Can be `RESTRICTED` (only listed ports are allowed), `ALLOW_ALL`, or `DENY_ALL`
- `ports` (Set of String) List of port ranges between 1 and 65535 inclusive, in the format `100-200` for a range, or `8080` for a single port
